# Chapter 2 - Igniting Our App
## Q1: What is `NPM`?
Ans: npm is a default package manager for Node.js. It help developers to manage dependencies required for their projects. It simplifies the process of installing, sharing and maintaining JaveScript code. 

## Q2: What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Ans: Parcel/Webpack are JavaScript bundlers that play a critical role in web development. They take the development code (often modular and scattered across multiple files) and prepare it for the production environment by bundling, optimizing, and transforming it.

### What does “Parcel” do
- DEV and production Build
- Host it to a local host
- Minification
- Cleaning our code
- Provide HMR: Hot Module Replacement for refreshing changes 
- Uses file watches algorithm written in C++, that keeps a track of changes in all the files 
- Provide faster experience for development, caches everything so that every build is faster than the previous one
- Image optimization
- Differential bundling: this supports older browser
- Image optimization
- Compresses
- HTTPS in dev
- Code Splitting
- Consistent Hashing 

## Q3: What is `.parcel-cache`
Ans: The `.parcel-cache` directory is a folder created by the Parcel bundler to store cache data during the build process. This folder helps in the following
- Improve build speed by avoiding redundant work of building everything from scratch.
- Support Incremental build by reprocessing only that part of code which is modified.
- Store intermediate build artifacts like file parsing, and dependency graph generation.

## Q4: What is `npx` ?
Ans:  It is a command that allows you to execute Node.js packages directly from the npm registry without globally installing them on your system.

## Q5: What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
Ans: `dependencies`: dependencies required using production
`devDependencies`: dependencies required using development.

## Q6: What is Tree Shaking?
Ans: Tree shaking is a process used to optimize and reduce the size of the final bundle by eliminating unused code from the project during the build process. It is commonly used in bundlers like Parcel.

## Q7: What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans: Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a feature of development tools like Webpack, Parcel, and Vite that allows developers to update modules in a running application without requiring a full page reload.

## Q8: List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
Ans: 
- DEV and production Build
- Provide HMR: (Hot Module Replacement) allows developers to update modules in a running application without requiring a full page reload.
- File watcher Algorithm: Uses file watches algorithm written in C++, that keeps a track of changes in all the files, this helps in HMR. 
- Cache while development: Provide faster experience for development, caches everything so that every build is faster than the previous one
- Differential bundling: this allows compatibility with older version of browser
- HTTPS in dev

## Q9: What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans: The `.gitignore` file is a configuration file used by Git to specify files and directories that should not be tracked in a Git repository. This is useful for ignoring temporary or sensitive files that are not part of your project's codebase.

files that should be added to `.gitignore` are
- `node_modules`
- `dist`
- `.parcel-cache`

## Q10: What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`
Ans: 
| `package.json` | `package-lock.json` |
|----------------|---------------------|
|It defines what you want.|It ensures you get exactly what you want.|
|It is the main configuration file.|It is generated by npm after dependencies are installed.|
|It stores metadata of the project.|It has/locks the exact version of all the dependencies for consistent installation across environments.|
|It is editable.|It is recommended not to edit this file.|

## Q11: Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans: It is not recommanded to modify `package-lock.json` because it is auto generated and it ensures consistent dependency management for the project. Any changes made directly to this file can lead to unexpected issues such as dependency conflictsor broken builds.

## Q12: What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
Ans: It is folder created by npm when you install dependencies using `npm i` or `npm install`. It contains all the packages and their dependencies required for your project to run. 

No, `node_modules` should not be pushed to github due to the following reasons
- Large size: `node_modules` can grow very large, which can result in increased repo size and slow down cloning and pull operations.
- Redundant information: All required packages are already defined in package.json.
- Conflict risk: When multiple developers work on same repo, merging changes to `node_modules` become error prone.
- Other developers can regenerate `node_modules` by running `npm i` or `npm install` in their local system.

## Q13: What is the `dist` folder?
Ans: It is a folder that contain production ready files that are generated after building or compiling the source code. These are optimized, bundled, and ready for deployment.

## Q14: What is `browserlists`
Ans: It is a configuration tool to specify the target browsers your application should support. It defines the range of browsers and their version for which the code should be optimized.

## Study Part
### Read about dif bundlers: vite, webpack, parcel
### Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda 
|           |                               |
|-----------|-------------------------------|
| Tilde (~) | only accept new patch version |
| Caret (^) | only accepts new minor and patch version |
| Asterisk (*) | Any version |
| No sign | exact version |

### Read about Script types in html (MDN Docs) 
